.doc/notes.md, before:

Nest's target is to give an structure for those project big enough to need it
Nest comes with a set of tools, pretty useful, also a CLI. Its main language is
TS but also supports JS, just like TS do it

Nest uses a lot of decorators to handle basically everything, Angular-like, however
it seems to be a cool tool, its architecture can be seem in the next image

![architecture](./Nest_arch.png)

Controllers can be identified easily, through @Controller decorators

Services can be always use the @Injectable decorator

Pipes also use the @Injectable decorator, whereas pipes use it in a different way to 
inject code through requests; Pipes can be identified by the PipeTransform class they
implements

#### Some useful features

| Action                | Command                                  | Description                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| --------------------- | ---------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Create a nest project | `npx nest new <PROJECT_NAME>`            | Creates a new Nest project                                                                                                                                                                          |
| Create a controller   | `npx nest g co <DIRECTORY>/<CONTROLLER>` | Nest CLI supports alias like "g" for "generate", "co" for "controller", this command creates a controller on <DIRECTORY> directory using <CONTROLLER> controller name                                     |
| Create a service      | `npx nest g s <DIRECTORY>/<SERVICE>`     | Nest CLI supports alias like "g" for "generate", "s" for "service", this command creates a service on <DIRECTORY> directory using <SERVICE> service name                                                  |
| Create a pipe line    | `npx nest g p <DIRECTORY>/<PIPE>`        | Nest CLI supports alias like "g" for "generate", "p" for "pipe", this command creates a pipe line on <DIRECTORY> directory (usually that directory is called "common" or "shared") using <PIPE> pipe name |

#### Patters

##### DTO

Data Transfer Objects aliased as DTO or "dtos", are a Objects created with the purpose of 
adding some kind of "shield" to ensure that data from requests is going to match the right
data type, this is a way different from a net feature, its goal is to reduce the amount of bugs

Commit message:

Modules notes
Adding notes about modules

.doc/notes.md, after:

# Nest notes

Nest's target is to give an structure for those project big enough to need it
Nest comes with a set of tools, pretty useful, also a CLI. Its main language is
TS but also supports JS, just like TS do it

Nest uses a lot of decorators to handle basically everything, Angular-like, however
it seems to be a cool tool, its architecture can be seem in the next image

## Nest architecture

![architecture](./Nest_arch.png)

#### Nest by parts

Controllers can be identified easily, through @Controller decorators

Services can be always use the @Injectable decorator

Pipes also use the @Injectable decorator, whereas pipes use it in a different way to
inject code through requests; Pipes can be identified by the PipeTransform class they
implements

Modules use the @Module decorator, modules are wrappers for a set of entities, they can
also be seem as sets of specific information, including everything matters for, for example
product module should include "Category", "Brand" & "Product"; since those entities are
everything matters for stock in a store. Other example can be Users module, that module
could hots "Customers" or "Clients", also "Managers" or "Admins"; since both of them are
simply roles inside the platform

#### Some useful features

Nest CLI supports alias like "g" for "generate", is quite simple to follow, first letter or
first two are alias for whole word like "co" for "controller" or "s" for "service" and so on

| Action                | Command                                  | Description                                                                                |
| --------------------- | ---------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Create a nest project | `npx nest new <PROJECT_NAME>`            | Creates a new Nest project                                                                 |
| Create a controller   | `npx nest g co <DIRECTORY>/<CONTROLLER>` | Creates a controller in <DIRECTORY> using <CONTROLLER> name                                |
| Create a service      | `npx nest g s <DIRECTORY>/<SERVICE>`     | Creates a service in <DIRECTORY> using <SERVICE> name                                      |
| Create a pipe line    | `npx nest g p <DIRECTORY>/<PIPE>`        | Creates a pipe line in <DIRECTORY> (usually called "common" or "shared") using <PIPE> name |
| Create a module       | `npx nest g mo <MODULE>`                 | Creates a module in ./src using <MODULE> name                                              |

#### Patters

##### DTO

Data Transfer Objects aliased as DTO or "dtos", are a Objects created with the purpose of
adding some kind of "shield" to ensure that data from requests is going to match the right
data type, this is a way different from a net feature, its goal is to reduce the amount of bugs
